# Finnish-27-906docs 
This repository contains text files saved by the BIGS906 software application

The BIGS906 software application 812 and 916 enables the user to input a user-defined subset of game rules. The user-defined subset of game rules specifies the composition of each deck, and the number of decks in the stack. If each deck includes at least one joker, then the user-defined subset of game rules includes a rule selected by the user from a group of two rules wherein: The first of the group of two rules is each and every joker has a value of zero points. The second of the group of two rules is each and every joker has a value of any number of points required to make a hand total of twenty-seven points. Given the user-defined subset of game rules, the BIGS906 software application builds a set of databases of dealer-finish probabilities. The BIGS906 software application saves the set of databases to a set of data files.

A strategy for the play of the dealer's hand specifies a set of target-numerical sums consisting of a target-numerical sum for the play of the dealer's soft hands and a target-numerical sum for the play of the dealer's hard hands. To use any given strategy for the play of the dealer's hand to make decisions on how to play the dealer's hand, the dealer does the following. If the dealer's hand total is less than the target-numerical sum specified for the type of hand the dealer has, then the dealer hits. If the dealer's hand total is at least equal to the target-numerical sum specified for the type of hand the dealer has, then the dealer stands.  

The BIGS collection of software applications supports twenty-seven strategies for the play of the dealer's hand. Each of the twenty-seven-supported strategies for the play of the dealer's hand does specify one of the following twenty-seven sets of target-numerical sums; 19/A5, 19/A6, 19/A7, 19/A8, 19/A9, 19/AT, 19/AJ, 20/A6, 20/A7, 20/A8, 20/A9, 20/AT, 20/AJ, 21/A7, 21/A8, 21/A9, 21/AT, 21/AJ, 22/A8, 22/A9, 22/AT, 22/AJ, 23/A9, 23/AT, 23/AJ, 24/AT, and 24/AJ.

A dealer-finish probability is the probability that the dealer's complete hand will have a particular hand total given a particular strategy for the play of the dealer's hand, and given all combinations of card ranks that are possible for a set of hands consisting of the player's initial hand and the dealer's complete hand.  A subset of dealer-finish-probabilities consists of a dealer-finish probability for each of a set of hand totals that are possible for the dealer's complete hand. A set of dealer-finish probabilities consists of a subset of dealer-finish probabilities for each of the twenty-seven-supported strategies for the play of the dealer's hand. A database of dealer-finish probabilities consists of the set of dealer-finish probabilities for each of the combinations of card ranks that could be the combination of card ranks assigned to the cards removed from the stack and dealt face up to form a set of hands consisting of the player's initial hand and the dealer's initial hand 

The set of databases of dealer-finish probabilities consists of three databases. The first database is built for the set of hands consisting of the player's primary-initial hand and the dealer's initial hand. The second and third databases are built for the set of hands consisting of the player's post-split-initial hand and the dealer's initial hand.
